Update README.md (#47)
datonic/datadex: README.md

<br>

Datadex is a fully open-source, serverless, and local-first Data Platform that improves how communities collaborate on Open Data. Datadex is not a new tool, it is a pattern showing an opinionated bridge between existing ones.

> You can check two real-world production implementation of the Datadex pattern working in the following repositories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check real-world production implementations of the Datadex pattern working in the following repositories:
```
